Feature/venom inline l3 (#6266)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/developer/integration_tests/virtual_machines.asciidoc

Cumulus Linux documentation]). We configured this daemon using Ansible with RADIUS server informations.
However, daemon will be started during integration tests when switch interfaces are involved.

===== Node01 and Node02

`node01` is a Debian Buster virtual machine used as node to test wired PacketFence
features like 802.1X, MAC authentification, registration, isolation and inline
scenarios.

`node02` is identical to `node01` but is only used to test inline L3 features of PacketFence.

> Machine have an Internet access only during its first boot to emulate a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These machines have an Internet access only during its first boot to emulate a
```

> node connected to a switch controlled by PacketFence. After the reboot, machine are only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node connected to a switch controlled by PacketFence. After the reboot, machines are only
```
